OK, so now we're ready to integrate Discovery service into our system.
But before we do that, let's just take a look at the code that we need to try to integrate discovery
service into a system.
So in order to incorporate discovery service into our system, what we have done is we have created
a service much the same way we have created other services.
So this is also a similar service.
But the difference being over here is that here we have included this library called Spring Cloud Starter
Netflix you take us over, which is basically a million package for Netflix.
You would encourage history or discovery service.
That is the dependency that we need in order to create a discovery service.
We have chosen this part because it is pretty simple.
It is.
We can very easily create this service much the same way we are creating other service, and there is
really no code that we have to write for this other than the little customization that we need to do
here and there, and we will just see this.
So the core that is there for this particular service is really there in this one file where the only
thing that we are doing is we are creating we are starting the main program.
Basically, we're starting our discovery service over here.
And the other thing that we have done over here is that we have bought this annotation enable you take
us over on our main web application class.
So that is all we need to do.
In order to start the discovery service.
We need to get that Discovery Service Library through Nordic Summit and in the main class.
We need to start our application bid enable you take us through it.
Annotation If you want to customize the discovery service a bit, then we can do that to configure properties
that should be there in the class part and we can adjust here.
Properties like Support Port on which our discovery service will run the name of the application, the
discovery service that we are running.
And then there are quite a few other properties that we will discuss.
And then when we need them for just incorporating this discovery service into our system, we are going
to go with the default options.
We have just customized the port number and hostname over here, which we will override through Docker
environment variables.
So this is all we need to start a build up discovery service.
So this is the first thing that we need to have.
We need to have a discovery service.
Then what we need is that all the other services that are there in our system should be able to register
with this discovery service.
So what we said over here was that all these services in our system there, as they come up, they will
register with the discovery service.
So that is what we are going to discuss now.
We have already seen how to create discovery service.
Yes, we have not packaged this into Docker, which we will see later, but we know code wise how to
create this service.
OK, so let's take one service as an example, so let's say product service as an example.
What we need to do over here is in order to make this product service, register with Yurek, our service,
we need a Yurek hotline so that dependency we have put in common libraries.
If you see common libraries perform dot example.
There you will see that there is this spring cloud starter, Netflix, Eureka plane.
So this dependency is there in the Common Library in this common library goes into all the other services.
So all the other services that we get access to the client library.
So once we have claimed library within a particular service, then what we need to do over here is that
we go to the main application file and then on the main application, plus we annotated with enable
discovery like.
By doing this now, this particular service knows that it has to do the registration as a discovery
service client.
So the next question after this is how does this particular service know that?
Where is the discovery service?
So that will come through the configuration, which we can put in ClassPass through conflict or property.
So here, if you see this, this is the property you take, a client service you are in, which will
tell this particular service where discovery service you record is located.
There are certain other properties over here.
That said, I just noted Eureka.
When we're using this discovery service, we will set it to do.
If we are not using this service, then we will set you to false.
Fair to registry information is used by the clients which want to fetch information through discovery
claim.
This is not for registration, this is for vetting the routing information.
So in whichever place, a little like Gateway Service or the service will have to set this to.
OK, so now are.
So this knows where our discovery service is located, and it has also been instructed to do the registration.
So once this service comes up, it will do the registration, but it has to do registration against
a service name.
So how does this service know?
What is it?
What is this service name of this particular service?
So that will come through another property and that is spring application name, product service.
So for each service this this will be different.
So let's hope if we are doing it in inventory service, then here the spring application name will be
in winter service.
So when a plane wants to put out a request to let say in military service, then it will have to use
this as string name to get its information from Discovery Glenn.
So that's the significance of this particular IED.
Another property, useful property over here is that when we bring up this particular service, we are
telling that this service is going to come up on this particular hostname.
So the name that discovery service should register this service against, in this case, it is local
host.
But when we launched in the Docker environment, this will come through the environment variable.
We will overwrite this property through environment variable so that each service has got complete information
to do their registration so it will go ahead.
And it will say that look, it will tell to the discovery service that I am in military service, that
this has an I.D. I am located on so-and-so host and on so-and-so board.
That information will be provided to discoveries of this debt, that there can be other information
also that can be provided to discovery service a little like a health check you are and that there are
quite a few other you errors if you want to save them, we can send them to.
But for our purpose, for now, we are good enough fitness.
OK, so we have learned two things over here how to bring up a discovery service.
We will see actually how to do that once we run this.
But for now, we know from cord standpoint what we need to do.
The other thing that we have learned is how each individual service can register with discovery service.
The last thing that we need to do over here is.
So when we have clients like get service and order service.
So let's go back to our data.
So he said that gateway service need to roll out all the requests that are coming to it to the respective
services.
Now it needs to know where these services are located, and that information has already been provided
to Eureka.
So this discovery service.
So now this gateway service should fetch that information from this discovery service as their discovery
service claim.
So similar thing will be done by order service.
Also, then it has to make a portal to inventory service.
It will first go to Discovery Service to know where inventory service is located.
So let's see how that works.
So the way it plays out in case of gateway service is that we have to.
Provide this customization that you claimed fetch trade history, TV left to say this to.
This will instruct this particular service to get that registry information from Discovery Service Registry
Service Registry Information is basically routing information that each service has registered with
the discovery.
So this other thing that we will need to do is that we will need to set this ribbon eureka enabler to
prove and we will talk about this ribbon load balancer a little later in the next section.
But for now, I'll just let you know that this has the load balancer that are given so this will use
to communicate with the other services.
So we will discuss about debt load, balance it in a bit, but just notice that here we have this load
balancer based.
In fact, we have that in order service, this service also.
So those are our clients and they need to connect to these particular services.
So now this particular load balancer needs to know where these services are located.
So in case of gateway service, because this is provided by Netflix.
So Netflix will take care of setting that information from the registry itself because we have set this
unique outline fetch registry to to which is what we are going to set, we're going to override this.
Once we go into the demo, you will see that and this particular information is required.
This routing information is required only if we are not using discovery service, so this will become
redundant.
We will not use it when we go in the demonstration.
This is that in this particular configuration file so that all the properties that are useful for us,
that we can set them in different scenarios, they are then all in one place.
But the real properties that will be used during runtime, they will be picked up from environment variables.
Basically, environment variable properties will override whatever properties value that we have given
in configured properties.
In case of order service, we can get a little more deeper look as to how this works.
So we'll go to order processor and this has got inventory client.
So this is the code that accesses inventory service for resolving inventory.
So this is that in order service and this is a client for inventory service or what this plan does is
it first locates it gets hold of a load balancer Rubin load balancer that I just mentioned and it will
say choose a service with this service ad. So this is the service had with which inventory service would
have registered itself.
So we are providing that same service idea over here.
So this will get the information about this particular service ad from the discovery service.
And this information can be used for getting bored, forgetting host and any other information that
is available with the discovery service related to this particular service.
So that is how order line will come to know about the inventory service.
Once it knows this most important provision of inventory service, it can make a call to the inventory
service, so that's how it works with the help of discovery service.
We will get rid of all the routing information that we had to set earlier, so this routing information
will not be needed for all.
Our claims will fetch this information from the discovery service.
So now let's get into the demonstration and we will actually see how this will work and how we will
integrate discovery service into our system.